Adding subfeatures guidance (#17352)
mdn/browser-compat-data: docs/data-guidelines/api.md

This file contains guidelines that are specific to the web API features (`api/`).

## Adding features and subfeatures

> A json file should be created for every _top level feature_ that has a released public implementation on one of the supported set of browsers (and not before).

Reviewer: The "and not before" here should come with a lint I think, and I think running that lint will reveal that more things are removed by this rule than perhaps we really want to see removed.

But if we can sort through that, I think that we should add things to BCD when they're in a beta browser release, to not have to wait until stable before documenting things, if someone is willing to do the work earlier.

> A json file should be created for every _top level feature_ that has a released public implementation on one of the supported set of browsers (and not before).

Reviewer: I don't think we should talk about the file structure here. That's actually very complicated, and better done as a lint I think. Plenty of little edge cases.

Author: OK. Edit the page how you like.

For Web APIs the top level features are individual Web API interfaces and the children of namespace objects like `Intl`.

A possible structure for a Web API is shown below. 

```
api                           // category - always api for Web APIs

>   interface                   // top level feature

Reviewer: Also globals like `fetch()`.

    properties               // feature: required
    methods                  // feature: required
       parameters             //   subfeature: compatibility is different

>          parameter options    //   subfeature: if compatibility is different

Reviewer: What's this? We don't nest parameters, they have a structure like `options_capture_parameter`.

    support in workers     // subfeature: if compatibility is different (might also just be on specific methods)
```

> The interface must include subnodes for _all_ its properties and methods (that have an implementation in at least one of the supported browsers), whether or not they were added at the same time as the parent interface, and hence share the same compatibility information.

Author: @foolip Part of the reason for this update was that the term subfeatures was undefined. I thought it just meant a sub node of some other node, but @queengooborg was using it to mean a property or a method below the top level. 

Sub-node on the other hand is unambiguous. I think we should use that term if we mean "create another level of nesting" unless we absolutely define subfeature to mean "nested definition at any level".

> The interface must include subnodes for _all_ its properties and methods (that have an implementation in at least one of the supported browsers), whether or not they were added at the same time as the parent interface, and hence share the same compatibility information.

Reviewer: @queengooborg can you clarify the definitions you'd like to use?

What we have in BCD is a tree, where some nodes in the tree have `__compat`. These nodes are called "features" in `traverse.js`, and I've often called them entries as well.

I think there are two potentially useful concepts:
- Any feature that sits below another one in the tree, like "api.AbortController.abort" (because "api.AbortController" is a feature)
- Things that are behaviors of another feature and only worth adding if support differs, like "api.fetch.blob_data_support".

I don't know what the arguments are, but my initial preference would be to just call everything features, and talk about "behavioral features" or "subfeatures" where needed to be precise.

> The interface must include subnodes for _all_ its properties and methods (that have an implementation in at least one of the supported browsers), whether or not they were added at the same time as the parent interface, and hence share the same compatibility information.

Reviewer 2: I'd like to define the terms as such:
- Feature: any object with a `__compat` statement (ex. api.Foo)
- Subfeature: any feature that is a level below another feature (ex. api.Foo.bar)
- Behavioral feature: any feature that describes a behavior, parameter, object, etc. (ex. api.Foo.worker_support, or api.Foo.bar.frozen_value)

> The interface must include subnodes for _all_ its properties and methods (that have an implementation in at least one of the supported browsers), whether or not they were added at the same time as the parent interface, and hence share the same compatibility information.

Reviewer: I think those definitions are good.

All other code and behavioral aspects of the interface are given nested nodes **only** if their compatibility is _different_ to that of their parent feature.

> This applies to method arguments, method argument options, and behaviour changes like the addition of support for workers, or the type of return value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This applies to method parameters, and behaviour changes like the addition of support for workers, or the type of return value.
```

Author: It also applies to parameter options.

> > **Note:** Items that must be given nodes are referred to as "features", while those that are only created when there is a compatibility difference to the parent are called _subfeatures_.

Author: @foolip See https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/pull/17352/files#r972516073

I would be happy with this if we used feature and subfeature sanely. But we don't. So define it properly - otherwise node and sub node are better.

If I sound frustrated, it is because I am. So much time wasted on this. IMO if we just said "feature" is the top level item and subfeature is any nested item at any nesting level this would be fine. But you'll have to get @queengooborg to agree - I couldn't

> > **Note:** Items that must be given nodes are referred to as "features", while those that are only created when there is a compatibility difference to the parent are called _subfeatures_.

Reviewer 2: Huh?  But that's exactly the definition of "subfeature" I was hoping for...

> > **Note:** Items that must be given nodes are referred to as "features", while those that are only created when there is a compatibility difference to the parent are called _subfeatures_.

Author: @queengooborg I really hope I haven't been in "violent agreement" with you for most of this discussion :-0.

> > **Tip:** A good rule of thumb is that if a subfeature has the same compatibility information as its parent, then the subfeature is not needed.

Author: I don't think so. See the comment above:

> **Note:** Items that must be given nodes are referred to as "features", while those that are only created when there is a compatibility difference to the parent are called _subfeatures_.

So its a subfeature only if there is a compatibility difference.

Here is an example scenario:

- An interface is defined in a specification with a method (feature) that has two parameters (subfeatures).
- A supported browser implements the method and both the parameters:
  - A feature node is created for the method (by default)
  - Subfeature nodes are not created for the method parameters because they were created in the same version as the methods; there is no compatibility change.
- Another browser implements the methods, but only one of the parameters.
  - A subfeature node is added to the method parameter that was _not_ supported by the second browser.
- Yet another browser implements the method with a new parameter. 
  - A method subfeature is added for the new parameter because it was added in a different version than the parent method.

> - The specification changes to require that the interface now can be used in workers:

Author: ```suggestion
- The browser changes to require that the interface now can be used in workers:
```
